# A few pointers for your journey ahead

* When creating resources in Azure, **there are often limits on the length of the resource names**, and often names will need to be either regionally, or globally unique. For this reason, you will construct a unique prefix that you will prepend to the resource names that you will create throughout the lab activities. This prefix -- which will be referred to as your *special alias* -- will be the first 4 letters of your Microsoft alias, plus the last 2 digits of your phone number. For example:

	* __The *special alias* for JohnDoe is John23__
	* When instructions say to enter __\<alias\>-rg__ you would enter **john23-rg**

* In the instructions for later labs, you will need to substitute this value for placeholders you encounter. For example:

	* When we ask you to enter in your *special alias* you will see the following	__\<alias\>__ 

* You may encounter other placeholders within instructions that will require your substitution. These will always be surrounded by angled brackets which can be omitted from the substitution.

	* When we ask you to enter in your subscriptionID you will see the following	__\<SubscriptionID\>__ 

* Any images seen in the lab guide can be viewed in a dedicated browser tab or window.  Simply __click__ any of the images seen, and they will open in a dedicated tab, where you will be able to further magnify them.

* Exercises often require your subscription name and subscription id. You can find these by searching for _Subscriptions_ using the search box at the top of the Azure portal.

* You will use two separate identities to work through lans in this track: 

	* Your **@microsoft.com** account: for access to the event start page, lab files, Teams meetings and the lab manual 

	* Your personal Microsoft account (e.g., an **@outlook.com** account) account: for access to the Azure portal.

